# Story of this project

Hi, I am Arnob. I wrote my first "Hello World" in Python in 2021 Fall, the semester I came to MUN, and took Comp 1000 and 1001 alongside a Psych and an English course.

In 2024 I took a course called Data Visualisation, with professor Tricco. My most favourite course in MUN for several reasons, one of the reasons being the amount of creativity in the course assignments. In one of the assignments, we were asked to recreate this data visualisation using Matplotlib, given the data. We all did the assignment but I was curious, where did professor get the data that represents this exact chart, when the data is not on the internet. Did he ask CNN for the data? Did he print the chart and measure the radius of each circle with a centimeter-rule (if you know the ratio of the size of each circle you do not need the exact data)? I asked professor an learned something that affects my present: OpenCV. If you know a little bit of Python, you can give your computer an image and ask it how many circles there are, where each circle is and what is the radius of each circle. "OpenCV" stands for "open computer vision." The idea of a computer being able to "see" an image fascinated me. I am not sure if I am trapped by a certain LinkedIn algorithm, yet I am going to say this: If you have a LinkedIn account and have connections to a few software developers, you are bound to see some post about some project involving hand detection or human pose detection. That's OpenCV. OpenCV became my motivation to enhance my programming skill, that one day I will also have an OpenCV project.  

In Winter 2025 I took a robotics course by professor Prado based on the book Modern Robotics. Initially, the course was not making sense. Firstly, the book is cryptic, everything is written so formally like some research paper, the YouTube videos and Coursera courses based on the book are such that they do not repeat or expand to something they state - they state a concept and just like that move on to the next concept. By chapter 2 I was thinking of dropping the course when it was talking about degree of freedom, configuration space etc. with no sign of programming. With the last straw of patience, as I reached chapter-3, I saw matrices. This one chapter did not only demonstrate the application of matrices but made me appreciate the existence of matrices.